Fixed #35303 -- Added async auth backends and associated functionality (#18036)
django/django: docs/topics/auth/customizing.txt

using the :setting:`AUTH_USER_MODEL` setting in your ``settings.py``::

    AUTH_USER_MODEL = "customauth.MyUser"

.. _writing-authentication-backends-async-interface:

Adding an async interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 5.2

To optimize performance when called from an async context authentication,

> backends can implement async versions of each function (``aget_user(user_id)``
> and ``aauthenticate(request, **credentials)``). If async versions of these
> functions are not provided, they will be automatically synthesized with
> ``sync_to_async`` when an authentication backend extends ``BaseBackend`` which
> has :ref:`performance considerations <async_performance>`.
> 
> While an async interface is optional, a synchronous interface is always
> required. There is no automatic synthesis for a synchronous interface is an

Reviewer: Possibly
```suggestion
backends can implement async versions of each function - ``aget_user(user_id)``
and ``aauthenticate(request, **credentials)``. When an authentication backend
extends ``BaseBackend`` and async versions of these functions are not provided,
they will be automatically synthesized with ``sync_to_async``. This has
:ref:`performance penalties <async_performance>`.

While an async interface is optional, a synchronous interface is always
required. There is no automatic synthesis for a synchronous interface if an
```
